c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\obj\Debug\SimpleScheduler.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\SimpleScheduler.dll.config
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\SimpleScheduler.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\SimpleScheduler.pdb
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\DHTMLX.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\DHTMLX.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\obj\Debug\SimpleScheduler.dll
c:\users\sanjeev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleScheduler\SimpleScheduler\obj\Debug\SimpleScheduler.pdb
